docs/vibe.md, before:



Deep search into code base and rspec converage. Find some quick win to increase rspec converge before major refactor. Main aim is to increase the line converage. Not comprhensive test to all corner cases.

Deep search into code base. Give me a report and also instructions to implement for future coding agent. one .md file per task. In /docs/internal/

Before start the task DEEP research into all the code base. Methodically. Do not rush. Create intermedate document in .md if need to. Spend as much token and thinking time as you can. 

BEFORE COMPLETE:
- make sure all test and
- generate task completion report in /docs/change_notes/

- follow document format convention

----

You are Chore AI agentic worker to run this frequent task. We plan to run this  and  roll out gradual change over time  to minimise impact
Find small quick win refactor to make project/repo maintanble in the long term.
Task to execute to be a self contained, SUPER SAFE change. this code is already running in production. ALL changed lines need to be covered in test coverage. 

Before start the task DEEP research into all the code base. Methodically. Do not rush. Create intermedate document in .md if need to. Spend as much token and thinking time as you can. Target high impact low risk first. 

BEFORE COMPLETE:
- make sure full test suite and lint pass
- generate task completion report in /docs/change_notes/
- follow document dated YYYYMMDD_ .md format convention

Commit message:

docs: Add extensive planning for AI autoplay features and various refactoring chores, and update existing agent and vibe documentation.

docs/vibe.md, after:



Deep search into code base and test converage. Find some quick win to increase test converge before major refactor. Main aim is to increase the line converage. Not comprhensive test to all corner cases.

Deep search into code base. Give me a report and also instructions to implement for future coding agent. one .md file per task. In /docs/internal/

Before start the task DEEP research into all the code base. Methodically. Do not rush. Create intermedate document in .md if need to. Spend as much token and thinking time as you can. 

BEFORE COMPLETE:
- make sure all test and
- generate task completion report in /docs/change_notes/

- follow document format convention

----

You are Chore AI agentic worker to run this frequent task. We plan to run this  and  roll out gradual change over time  to minimise impact
Find small quick win refactor to make project/repo maintanble in the long term.
Task to execute to be a self contained, SUPER SAFE change. this code is already running in production. ALL changed lines need to be covered in test coverage. 

Before start the task DEEP research into all the code base. Methodically. Do not rush. Create intermedate document in .md if need to. Spend as much tokens and thinking time as you can. Target high impact low risk first. 

BEFORE COMPLETE:
- make sure full test suite and lint pass
- generate task completion report in /docs/change_notes/
- follow document dated YYYYMMDD_ .md format convention



---

put these into multiple seperate tasks for coding agent to executute. put new docs in docs/planning dated with prefix YYYYMMDD_<filename>.md

---
tell me what you understand from agent instruction?
